finally finally got an epic man shot in
the glory and adoration that comes with
being declared the world's greatest
partner hmm i'll look for colors on my
cooker i barely pick their own oh well
i'm gonna get ohms here haha let me be
destroyed no reversal
he stays crowded downtown your destiny
will be determined here
virgin champion no it's gonna hurt I
Tribune were ultra I have a single buyer
and stay that was it I love the soldiers
with punches or kicks no idea what will
happen now fight
like we're gonna crack don't know hey oh
my god it's hidden Wow oh my god Shane
damage it did it same day and she would
I still own the Haunted to her ultra
haha oh well oh you I was gonna get on i
said i was going to and I did